feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/6554ac937a49be2701af4f2f.md

---
id: 6554ac937a49be2701af4f2f
title: Step 61
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-61
---

# --description--

> Create another comment saying `Define the offset and the encrypted letter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create another comment saying `New index has to be a valid number for alphabet`.
```
After the change I'd move it over the line defining `new_index`
